A massive, massive wall stands
in front of me, blocking my way.
Aoba Jousai                  Karasuno
I wonder what the view is like on the other side.
What does it look like?
The view from the summit—
it's something I'll never be able to see alone.
But...
if I'm not alone...
I just might be able to see it.
I keep running as I run out of breath
With dreams on my mind and a fire in my belly
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
I feel like I'll be left behind in this world
If I come to a standstill
People ask me why I find joy in this
But I don't understand it myself
Running is the only thing on my mind
Even if nothing goes right in the future
I won't stop trying to find the best version of myself
Even if someone tells me that this is as far as I go
And draws the line on me
I'll say no, thank you, and surge on ahead
So what?
Whatever the future may bring
However people are supposed to act
So what?
It doesn't really matter
So I'm a believer
Episode One:
Let's Go to Tokyo!
Red                White
Nice receive!
Here it comes.
All right! Here I go!
Yeah!
Whoo!
Wh-Whoo...
Get used to it already.
Give us a good one, Daichi!
Got it!
Left!
Asahi likes his sets slightly high.
We can score here!
Got it!
It's coming again.
It's funny how you keep falling for that.
What'd you say?!
Now, now...
Give us a good serve!
It just never seems to work.
Who'll it be this time?
Gah!
Was that Rolling Thunder?!
Yeah!
Rolling... Thunder!
Sorry! I was completely open too!
So annoying...
All right, let's switch gears!
Yessir!
Give us a good serve, Yamaguchi!
Hinata!
We're gonna stop it!
Nice cover!
Red                White
All right!
Okay, that's enough for today.
Let us play one more set, please!
Huh?
Please!
Guys, playing until you drop isn't the answer.
Captain, you need to tell these guys—
You guys...
Miyagi Prefecture
Karasuno High School
Red                White
I still need to practice hitting.
Kageyama! You can still go, right?
Set for me!
Sure.
You guys are still gonna practice?
Hey! We've still got to clean up, so that's enough for today!
They're all definitely realizing their own potential, but what our team lacks is experience.
Yes, sir...
Hey, make sure you cool down properly.
They definitely haven't had enough
practice matches against other teams.
Ow!
I can't count on the neighborhood association always being available. What should I do?
Sir?
Take?
You okay?
W-We're going, right?
Where?
Your nose is bleeding!
Tokyo!
Tokyo?
You mean...
Volleyball Team (Boys)
Nekoma?!
Gross!
Here! A tissue!
A practice match?
Yeah!
But we won't be playing just Nekoma this time.
The Fukurodani Academy Group.
It's a group of schools from the
Kanto region that includes Nekoma.
Apparently, they hold practice matches regularly.
Thanks to Coach Nekomata,
we'll be able to take part this time.
Groups like that are created through relationships built up over years,
so it's not easy to get in without connections.
We'll have to make sure to thank Coach Nekomata.
And Mr. Takeda here,
who I'm sure kept persistently asking him.
No, I didn't really...
Coach Ukai's name helped a lot.
Thank you!
Over the years, we've lost connections with other schools in the prefecture that we used to be friendly with.
There are many schools where the coaches that were once close to Coach Ukai are now gone.
We shouldn't pass up this opportunity.
Yeah!
I'm going to be able to see that setup up-close again.
Maybe I caught a cold.
I'm getting chills.
Hey! We have a tournament soon!
This time, I'm gonna protect us 'til we win!
Yeah... It might actually be a little cold today.
You too, Yaku?!
We're gonna take down that City Boy Alliance!
City Boy...
...Alliance?
I'm feeling hot! I'm burning up!
Yamamoto, shut it.
I'm gonna break through their blocks this time for sure!
Um, the only thing is, their prelims for the interhigh start this weekend, so it won't be right away.
Also, at this point, we've only received the invitation.
There are some things we have to work out, but I'll give you the details another time.
Anyway, it seems like you all...
Of course!
We'll go!
I've got a faculty meeting, so I've got to get going.
Ukai, I'll leave the rest to you.
Sure.
Thank you, sir!
It's going to get busy.
Yeah.
You'll be busy too, Shimizu.
It'll be your first series of away games with us.
I'll do my best too.
C'mon! Hurry and clean up, and then go home!
Yessir!
The food was great!
I wonder who it is.
Is she a third-year?
So pretty...
What's up? Something happening?
Shimizu?!
Hinata knows the hot third-year?!
Wh-What are you do... do...
Hey, Hinata?
Do you know any first-years who haven't joined a club?
Aoba Jousai High School
Oikawa Tooru (Third-year)
Oikawa's featured in Monthly Volleyball,
and it even has his picture.
Well, he is one of the best in the country.
So, what does it say?
Let's see here...
"Oikawa's favorite food is milk bread.
His favorite saying is, 'If you're going to hit it, hit it until it breaks.'"
What the hell is that?
Why would anyone care about such pointless information?!
Third-years Remain to
Take Down Shiratorizawa
Looks like Seijou wants to take down Shiratorizawa,
so most of the third-years who were starters are staying on the team!
Come on and bring it, Seijou!
Bring it!
Hey! You're gonna rip it!
For crying out loud.
The Reigning Champions of Tohoku
Shiratorizawa Academy
Ushijima Wakatoshi
(Third-year)
Wing Spiker
Hey, it's Ushiwaka.
The Reigning Champions of Tohoku
Shiratorizawa Academy
Ushijima Wakatoshi
(Third-year)
Wing Spiker
Shiratorizawa Academy
Ushijima Wakatoshi
(Third-year)
Wing Spiker
Shiratorizawa Academy
(Third-year)
Wing Spiker
"Japan"?
Hey! Get out here already.
We're going for a run.
Hey... Ushiwaka's on the youth world team.
What?
Youth world team?
Simply put, he's representing Japan in the under 19 age group.
Only one high school can represent Miyagi at spring nationals.
For us to go to there,
we'll have to defeat Ushiwaka and Oikawa.
All right!
Let's go running!
Yessir!
Faculty Office
Quiz
Name\Class:
Tanaka Ryuunosuke
Class 2-1
Quiz
Name\Class:
Nishinoya Yuu
Class 2-3
This is reality.
I need to accept it and think rationally.
It'll be okay.
Those kids have plenty of guts, so they can do this.
They can do it if they try.
They can do it if—
They can do it if they try. They can do it if they try.
Mr. Takeda?!
Here we are.
Karasuno's famous Heartbreak Hill.
All right! Ten dashes uphill to the halfway mark!
Two at a time!
On your marks...
Tsukishima! Run like you mean it!
Hey. Good job, Tsukishima.
Hey! Where are you guys going?!
Pretty sure we can just let them go.
Morons. Morons. Morons.
No one's behind us.
You totally went the wrong way somewhere, didn't you?
That'd be you, dumbass!
Where are we?
Wakano 3-chome?
Isn't Wakano near Shiratorizawa?
Shiratorizawa? Like the school Ushiwaka goes to?
Did you need something from me?
Japan!
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
!!
Haikyuu
Second Season
Japan!
If you don't need anything, I'll be leaving.
We came from Karasuno!
Would you mind if we did some scouting at Shiratorizawa?
Is he serious?!
Aren't you supposed to scout in secret?
Karasuno...
The team that uses that weird fast attack?
Do as you like.
No matter how skilled you may be,
we won't get worse just because you watched us.
I'm heading back to school now.
If you want to watch, follow me.
If you can keep up.
We're going.
We're gonna defeat you and go to nationals.
Of course we'll watch.
Yeah.
Are you out jogging by yourself?
Everyone else is just slow.
They're back there somewhere.
Kageyama!
Don't you dare get a head start!
You're just slow!
Unsurprisingly, he keeps a quick pace.
Holy crap! I'm super excited!
Whoo!
Calm down, dumbass! Are you a dog?
Are you out for your first walk, you idiot?!
Shiratorizawa Academy
It's so big!
Their school building looks so cool!
It looks like a hotel!
What's with this super-huge sports ground?!
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Whoa! This place is so big they need signs!
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Management Center/Parking Lot
Indoor Practice Area/Baseball Field
Golf Practice Area/Tennis Courts
Kageyama! Horses!
They have horses!
The volleyball team has its own bus!
Hey. Don't get lost.
I won't!
We've lost sight of Ushijima!
Then we're lost!
This looks like it might be the volleyball team's gym.
Yeah.
Hey, can you see Ushiwaka?
Shut up! And stop pushing me!
Huh?
Isn't that another school?
Is it a practice match? Who're they playing?
Aren't those college students?
College?!
Well, no other high school in the prefecture stands a chance against Shiratorizawa.
They'd have to go outside the prefecture or have a
college team come in for it to even count as practice.
Curse you, Japan!
Took you long enough.
I'm Kageyama from Karasuno High School.
Would you mind if I had a look?
Kageyama...
From Kitagawa First, right?
Yes.
I applied to this school but wasn't accepted.
That's not surprising.
I remember seeing one of your junior high matches.
We have no need for setters who can't devote themselves to their aces.
It's true. You're not the type that'd be devoting!
What?!
But the same would go for the Great King too, wouldn't it?
And he's the best setter in the prefecture.
Oikawa has nothing to do with this!
Oikawa...
He is an efficient player.
He should have come to our school.
By that, do you mean Oikawa would be able to devote himself to you?
No matter where he is, Oikawa is a setter that can bring out the absolute best in his team.
If the team's absolute best is still bad, there is nothing more to be done.
If it is good, he will make it as good as possible.
That is where his abilities lie.
A sapling must have good soil in order to grow strong.
Good fruit cannot be harvested from barren soil.
Barren soil?
What do you mean?
Other than Oikawa, everyone at Aoba Jousai is bad.
Bad...
If Seijou is barren soil,
does that make us concrete or something?
He usually gets intimidated by tough-looking
opponents when he first meets them, and yet...
I apologize if I hit a nerve,
but someone on a team that cannot even make it to
the prefecture finals because they lost to Aoba Jousai
can say all they want, but I will make nothing of it.
He...
I'm Hinata Shouyou, from the concrete.
I'm gonna crush you
and go to nationals.
Hey, are you from another school?
You're not allowed to be here.
Thank you for showing us around.
Excuse us.
Um...
If Oikawa's the best setter in the prefecture,
then I'll be the one to surpass him for that title.
Excuse us.
Stamina, speed, agility, jumping, the will to fight...
Hinata Shouyou.
Kageyama Tobio.
Well, in reality,
it's true that we can't beat Seijou, who can't beat Shiratorizawa.
It doesn't matter if we can defeat them both.
Glad to see we're on the same page.
That's why we're going to Tokyo.
To get better, it's best if we play a lot against strong teams, right?
Let's see here...
Ahem.
About that trip to Tokyo...
For now, we're planning to have it next month.
For trips like this, we'll need
permission from your guardians.
I'll pass out the paperwork later.
As for consent from the school, it's basically all good.
However,
as I'm sure you are aware,
you have final exams starting next month.
You are aware, right?
So, and I think you know what I'm getting at,
if you fail any subjects,
supplementary classes will be held that weekend.
Which means you won't be able to go on the trip.
We climb the mountain in our way
Losing more than just time in the process
Tasting freedom makes us want to fly
And notice the feelings welling up inside
It's almost in our reach
The closer we get, the more it shines
And stretches out in front of our eyes
That panorama created just for us
Until I reach the top and come back down, my lungs will keep breathing
But now I've been possessed by the desire to climb that summit once again
We cast aside all our doubt and set flight to the skies
Our flailing hands reach out and grab hold of the moment
That special moment
Come to us climbers
Come to us right now
What happens if we skip our final exams?
You retake them.
What happens if you skip those?
Retake the retakes?
I know! We'll just take the tests after the away games!
If you fake being sick, you can't go on the trip either.
You have my condolences.
Episode Two:
Direct Sunlight
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"Direct Sunlight."